\documentclass[12pt,letterpaper,fleqn]{report}

\usepackage[top=1in,bottom=1in,left=1in,right=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{pdfpages}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{verbatim}
\usepackage[margin=10pt,font=small,labelfont=bf]{caption}
\usepackage{empheq}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage{longtable}

\newcommand*\widefbox[1]{\fbox{\hspace{2em}#1\hspace{2em}}}
\newcommand{\dC}{^{o}C}
\newcommand{\HRule}{\noindent\rule{\linewidth}{0.5mm}}

\setlength{\parindent}{0in} % No indentation
\setlength{\parskip}{0.5cm}
\setlength{\tabcolsep}{4pt} % Tight table

\setcounter{secnumdepth}{2}

\providecommand{\e}[1]{\ensuremath{\times 10^{#1}}}
\renewcommand{\thesection}{Part \Roman{section}.}

%\title{Guam Renewable Integration}
%\subtitle{ENERGY 291 Final Report}
%\author{Martin Chang \and Ryan Satterlee}
%\date{\today}

\begin{document}

%\maketitle

\input{./title.tex}

\section{Introduction}

High electricity prices on island nations and territories result from
a limitation of conventional energy resources, necessitating the
expensive imports of primarily liquid fuels by sea. The potential for
cheaper systems exists through a combination of increased deployment
of renewable energy, energy storage, and optimal grid
planning. Additionally, reducing reliance on imported fuels increases
the robustness and resiliency of the grid system against fuel
shortages and price shocks.

In this report, we will investigate the optimization of grid planning
on the island of Guam, with a focus on minimizing net present value
costs of a system upgrade. This will involve simultaneously optimizing
two interdependent variables: (1) the quantity of new renewable energy
capacity to build and (2) the geolocation of these new systems, based
on recommended locations by NREL, resource availability, and
transmission costs.

Guam is currently serviced by a single utility, the Guam Power
Authority (GPA), which makes island wide grid changes and planning
more feasible. GPA owns 552.8 MW of gross generation capacity, 663
miles of T\&D lines, and 29 substations \cite{gpa14a}. On an annual
basis, Guam consumes on the order of 2 billion kWh, generated by means
of petroleum products, primarily residual fuel oil (RFO \#6) and a
small amount of diesel (No. 2 distillate) used for peaking
\cite{gpa14a, eia12}. This electricity comes at a cost of \$0.27/kWh
as of January 2012, or about 2.5 times that of the US
mainland. Additionally, Guam is considering exploring LNG as a
conventional alternative, and passed a renewable portfolio standard of
5\% by 2015 and 25\% by 2035 \cite{eia12}.

Although it is well accepted that there is the potential for
economically sound investments in new energy technologies,
particularly solar PV, on islands that import oil for electricity,
this project seeks to develop how this plan might be carried out and
to determine what the limiting constraints on the problem are.

\section{Methods}

The model is a nonlinear cost minimization. The nonlinearity arises
from discontinuties due to transmission costs, which are fully
incurred for a site upon first construction at that site. Other costs
include capital costs (a function of installed capacity), fixed
operation \& maintenance (O\&M) costs (a function of cumulative
installed capacity), and variable O\&M costs (a function of dispatched
generation. 

Objective Function:
\emph{Minimize total costs, discounted to present value.}
  \[\text{min} \quad  \sum_{s \in SITES}\sum_{t \in TIME}(C_{st}^T + C_s^Cx_{st}
  + C_s^FB_{st} + C_s^VD_{st}) / (1 + d)^t\]
  Subject to:

  RPS Goal:\\
  \emph{For each year, the sum of all dispatch in that year of
    renewables must be at least the sum of all dispatch times the RPS
    percentage for that year.}
  \[\forall y \in YEARS \sum_{r \in RENEWABLES}\sum_{t \in TIME} D_{rt} \ge RPS_y \times
  \sum_{s \in SITES}\sum_{t \in TIME} D_{st}\]

  Dispatch Limit:\\
  \emph{For each site and timestep, dispatched generation can be no
    more than cumulative installed generation at that site up to that
    time.}
  \[\forall s,t \in SITES, TIME: D_{st} \le B_{st}\]

  Availability:\\
  \emph{For each renewable site, dispatched generation can be no more
    that the avaialability of the resource over the installed
    capacity.}
  \[\forall r,t \in RENEWABLES, TIME: D_{rt} \le A_{rt}B_{rt}\]

  Load:\\
  \emph{For all timesteps, dispatch must match load.}
  \[\forall t \in TIME: \sum_{s \in SITES} D_{st} = L_{t}\]

  Capacity:\\
  \emph{For all renewables, cumulative installed capacity cannot
    exceed the maximum capacities for that specific site.}
  \[\forall r,t \in RENEWABLES, TIME: B_{rt} \le P_r^{max}\]

  Budget:\\
  \emph{For each year, total capital expenditures cannot exceed an
    annual budget.}
  \[\forall y \in YEARS: \sum_{s \in SITES}\sum_{t \in TIME} C_{st}^T
  \le C_{y}^B\]

  Positivity Constraints:\\
  \emph{For each site and timestep, installed capacity and dispatch
    must be non-negative.}
  \[\forall s,t \in SITES, TIME: x_{st} \ge 0\]
  \[\forall s,t \in SITES, TIME: D_{st} \ge 0\]
  
  where:\\
  {\setlength{\parindent}{-1em}
    $\quad x_{st}^{}$ is the Decision variable: instantaneous amount of resource to build [$MW$]\\
    $\quad D_{st}^{}$ is the Decision variable: dispatch [$MWh$]\\
    $\quad B_{st}^{}$ is the Defined variable: cumulative developed resource [$MW$]\\
    $\quad C_{s}^{F}$ is the Fixed O\&M Cost + Transmission Costs [$\$/MWh$]\\
    $\quad C_{s}^{C}$ is the Capital Cost [$\$/MW$]\\
    $\quad C_{st}^{T}$ is the Tranmission Capital Cost [$\$/MW$]\\
    $\quad C_{s}^{V}$ is the Variable O\&M Costs [$\$/MW$]\\
    $\quad C_{y}^{B}$ is the Annual Budget [$\$/yr$]\\
    $\quad L_{ht}^{}$ is the Load [$MWh$]\\
    $\quad S_{t}^{}$ is the RPS goal [$\%$]\\
    $\quad A_{st}^{}$ is the Resource availability [$MWh/MW$]\\
    $\quad P_{s}^{max}$ is the Maximum site capacity [$MW$]\\
    $\quad d$ is the Discount rate\\
    $\quad SITES$ is the set of all generation sites (Oil, Diesel,
    Solar, and Wind)\\
    $\quad RENEWABLES$ is the set of all renewable generation sites
    (Solar and Wind)\\
    $\quad TIME$ is the set of all timesteps\\
    $\quad YEARS$ is the est of all years (2015 - 2036)
  }



\section{Data}

Our project will be broken into several stages in order to increase
the complexity and power of the model over time as time and data
availability permits. First, we will be optimizing the placement of
the renewable energy generation needed to meet Guam's RPS (5\% by 2015
up to 25\% by 2035) given current grid constraints. This will
primarily rely on the geospatial locations and capacities of existing
grid infrastructure, resource maps of renewable energy sources, and
costs associated with building and operating these plants and the
transmission network. Additional work could involve optimizing the
grid infrastructure with new construction, which would require
evaluating the impact of land features (such as slope, urban areas,
etc.) on the cost of new T\&D lines. Finally, we would require the
demand profiles for electricity in Guam.

An important source of information for these data sets may be Guam
Power Authority (GPA), which lists many different contact addresses,
including several specifically for T\&D. The GPA website gives access
to a diagram of the existing transmission lines, which may be able to
be imported into GIS, along with one-line diagrams showing the
electrical structure of the grid. GPA's 2008 IRP gives data on the
relevant features of the existing generation sources (nameplate
capacity, age, heat rates, operating costs, etc.). Additionally, the
Guam Energy Office may have relevant information, as their interests
lie in promoting energy conservation, energy efficiency, and renewable
energy programs.

NREL provides access to two stations of TMY3 data that can be used for
solar and wind resource mapping, although extrapolating radiation and
wind speed data from just two points may be a challenge. NREL also
previously published a technical assessment report evaluating energy
efficiency and renewables in Guam with the Department of Interior
\cite{misty}. This report focuses on a wide range of strategies, but
does conclude on the high potential of wind on the Guam grid,
suggesting a potential collaborative effort in sharing data related to
grid optimization.

A large amount of preprocessing of the data was required to
incorporate it into the model. The 2011-2013 load data from GPA was
averaged in order to create a model baseline year without the
fluctuations of each individual year. This was then extrapolated from
2015-2035 based on the load growth prediction from Guam's 2013 IRP
\cite{cruz13}. 

Solar and wind resource data were extrapolated from the limited
available TMY3 data and the single meteorological tower from the
Navy. This involved combining diffuse and direct radiation to
determine incident radation levels, which could then be converted into
``sun-hours.'' Anenometer readings were extrapolated to hub heights
using the power law, with a Hellman exponent, $\alpha$, of 0.2:
\[v_2 = v_1\left(\frac{h_2}{h_1}\right)^\alpha\] 
These wind speeds could then be used to determine outputs of a GE
2.5MW turbine based on its power curve, approximated with a Gaussian
curve \cite{ge}. Each wind and solar site were designated to be
represented by either one of the three measurement sites or an average
of two, based on its proximity. While more site-specific data would
obviously be needed before construction at these sites, this serves as
a rough estimate of the available resource, given data constraints.

All load and resource data was then binned into appropriately sized
timesteps. The final model involved timesteps of 168 hours (1
week). In extrapolating resource data from 2015-2035, a uniform
degree of randomness (5\%) was included to provide variation between
different sites and years. 

\begin{center}
  \begin{longtable}{| p{10cm} | p{4cm} | c | c | }
    
    \caption{Data Sources}
    \label{tab:data}\\

    \hline
    \multicolumn{1}{| l |}{\large{\textbf{Data} Description}} \rule{0pt}{3ex}& 
    \multicolumn{1}{c |}{\large{Value}} & 
    \multicolumn{1}{c |}{\large{Source}} & 
    \multicolumn{1}{c |}{\large{Ref}}
    \\\hline\hline
    \endfirsthead

    \multicolumn{4}{c}
    {{\bfseries \tablename\ \thetable{} -- continued from previous
        page}} \\
    \hline
    \multicolumn{1}{| l |}{\large{\textbf{Data} Description}} \rule{0pt}{3ex}& 
    \multicolumn{1}{c |}{\large{Value}} & 
    \multicolumn{1}{c |}{\large{Source}} & 
    \multicolumn{1}{c |}{\large{Ref}}
    \\\hline\hline
    \endhead

    \multicolumn{4}{|r|}{{(\emph{Continued on next page)}}} \\ \hline
    \endfoot

    \hline
    \endlastfoot

    \textbf{Solar and Wind Resource (TMY3)} Taken from the two sites
    located on Guam: Andersen Air Force Base, and Guam Weather
    Forecast Office (located at the Antonio B. Won Pat International
    Airport). Based on proximity, L450-R3 and L177-4-R2 were assumed
    to match the WFO and L7163 was assumed to match the AFB. [What
    about Wind?? Should also separately describe how we arrived at our
    finals numbers (e.g. Solar was from ASHRAE 2009) & Not attached,
    available online from NREL RReDC & NREL & \cite{nrel05} \\\hline

    \textbf{Wind Resource (Naval Base)}  &  & Navy & \cite{nrel09}
    \\\hline

    \textbf{8760 Load Data} Hourly load from 2011-2013 was
    provided. In order to eliminate abnormalities inherent to each
    year, all three years were averaged into a single profile. This
    profile was then taken to be a more normal 2012, as the load had
    been steadily decreasing from 2011 to 2013, and 2012 was already
    close to being the average of the other two profiles. & Not
    attached, available upon request? & GPA & \cite{sablan} \\\hline

    \textbf{Potential Solar and Wind Locations} Also includes distance
    to transmission for sites (L450-R3, L177-4-R2, L7163, L10140-R5
    and L10164-R3, L57-2, L0, L186NEW-1). & See Figure with map? 0 ft,
    370 ft, 1200 ft, 1600 ft, 2500 ft, 850 ft, 300 ft. & NREL &
    \cite{misty} \\\hline

    \textbf{Existing Generation} Includes existing RFO, Diesel, and
    Solar on Guam. & 353.6 MW, 199.2 MW, 0.10906 MW. & NREL &
    \cite{misty} \\\hline

    \textbf{Maximum Allowable Generation} Includes solar sites
    (L450-R3, L177-4-R2, L7163, L10140-R5 and L10164-R3, L57-2, L0,
    L186NEW-1) and Wind (W3-Cotal, W3-Pulantat, W2-Navy). & 168.75 MW,
    160.8 MW, 62.4 MW, 28.65 MW, 25.35 MW, 16.65 MW, 10.8 MW, 20 MW,
    10 MW, 20 MW. & NREL & \cite{misty} \\\hline

    \textbf{Costs for Solar} Includes capital, fixed and variable
    O\&M, and fuel. For a 20MW Utility PV facility, fixed tilt. &
    \$4,183/kW, \$27.75/kW-yr, \$0/kWh, \$0/kWh [2013\$] & EIA &
    \cite{eia13} \\\hline

    \textbf{Costs for Wind} Includes capital, fixed and variable O\&M,
    and fuel. For a 100 MW wind farm. & \$2,213/kW, \$39.55/kW-yr,
    \$0/kWh, \$0/kWh [2013\$] & EIA & \cite{eia13} \\\hline

    \textbf{Costs for RFO} Includes capital, fixed and variable O\&M,
    and fuel. For an oil fired steam turbine (not combined cycle). &
    \$600/kW, \$5.5/kW-yr, \$0.0013/kWh, \$0.04693/kWh [2000\$] &
    Shaalan & \cite{shaalan01} \\\hline

    \textbf{Costs for Diesel} Includes capital, fixed and variable
    O\&M, and fuel. For an oil fired combustion turbine. & \$170/kW,
    \$3.5/kW-yr, \$0.005/kWh, \$0.06865/kWh [2000\$] & Shaalan &
    \cite{shaalan01} \\\hline

    \textbf{Costs for RFO and Diesel Fuel} Increasing fuel costs were
    taken from a the GPA's 2013 IRP, as their forecasted fuel
    costs. This overrides the fuel values from Shaalan, and was done
    to get a more accurate cost of fuel on the island (which is
    typically higher). The same assumed heat rates were kept from
    Shaalan's text, in order to arrive at a \$/kWh value. GPA's
    forecast was extrapolated from the provided 2015-2031 data to
    2035. It was assumed Guam could continue to use high sulfur fuel
    oil for RFO. The resulting variable O\&M costs were then fitted
    with a linear trendline the equation for which was directly coded
    into AMPL. & See attached. & GPA & \cite{cruz13} \\\hline

    \textbf{Load Scaling Factors} Used the predicted load values of
    sales in MWh and peak demand in MW from 2012-2029 and 2012-2025
    respectively. Chose the EPA Delay forecast scenario, as per the
    GPA's choice of using it in their own IRP. Values beyond 2025 and
    2029 were extrapolated from the last few years of each curve, as
    each forecast ends with a very linear behavior. [Where to go over
    the math of the scaling?] & See attached? & GPA & \cite{cruz13}
    \\\hline

    \textbf{Cost of transmission} Based on the costs from the NCEP for
    a 69 kV double circuit line, as it was the closest option to the
    34.5 kV line for transmission in Guam. While a 115 kV lines exist
    on the island, the GPA specifically called out renewables as
    connection to the 34.5 kV circuit. A double circuit was assumed
    for added flexibility. A 4x factor from the NCEP was used in
    increasing the cost for underground transmission lines. This was
    done based on the recent initiative by the GPA to switch their
    T\&D underground for added resiliency and reliability. &
    \$287.87/ft [\$2004] & NCEP & \cite{brown04} \\\hline

    \textbf{Solar Capital Costs} An assumption was made that PV
    overnight capital costs would continue to decrease over time,
    even without accounting for discounting. A Northwest Power and
    Conservation Council presentation from 2013 gives a project cost
    estimate for a 20 MW solar PV system from 2012-2035.  & See
    attached.. & NW Council & \cite{simmons13} \\\hline


  \end{longtable}
\end{center}

\section{Results}

\section{Senstivity/Uncertainty}

Since no single source had all costs for each of the sites (capital,
O\&M, fuel, transmission), costs were taken from various sources
instead. As a result, there are multiple instances of differing cost
numbers for various technologies. One staggering difference lies in
capital costs of onshore wind, between the numbers provided by the EIA
in 2013, and those by GPA in planning their IRP in 2012-2013
\cite{eia13, cruz13}. The EIA numbers were originally used at the
start of the project as it contained numbers for both solar PV and
wind. Additionally, it was one of the more recent sources for such
data available. However, upon closer inspect, the costs are based on
an assumed 100 MW site, whereas the sites to be built in Guam are
10-20 MW in size. Also, while the EIA does offer regional cost
adjustment factors to their numbers, it is restricted to electricity
regions on the continental U.S., and does not even have factors for
Hawaii, which would have been a more suitable substitute for
Guam. While solar PV capital cost data is now being taken from the NW
Council, wind data is still being taken from the EIA
\cite{simmons13}. The GPA have their own estimated costs for wind
projects in their territory, and the capital and fixed O\&M costs
differ from that of EIA by approximately twofold: 2013 \$2,213/kW
compared to 2012 \$4,650/kW, 2013 \$39.55/kW-yr compared to 2012
\$50/kW-yr \cite{eia13, cruz13}. The sensitivity of the end results to
this change in capital costs were tested by comparing runs with each
set of wind costs inputted. This case was run with a \$200 million
annual budget limit on capital construction, using the EPA-delay
scenario for load growth, +/- 5\% randomness for renewables,
discounting at 7\%, and declining PV prices to 2035.

In the EIA run (Figure~\ref{fig:}), the model utilizes the budget to
construct solar at L7163 in 2019, prior to the 2020 RPS increase. Both
the W3-Cotal and W3-Pulantat sites are fully utilized in terms of
allowable installed capacity very early on. W2-Navy is only
constructed later to make the final push to 25\% in 2035. In
comparison, with the more expensive GPA wind cost data, the model
never builds wind at W2-Navy, and makes up for that difference in with
the now comparatively cheaper solar PV at L177-4-R2. It is worth
noting both models still start with maximizing the two W3 wind sites,
but this may not necessarily be a cost matter directly, but rather
because of having perfect foresight about future requirements, and the
differences in wind and solar resource availability.

Interestingly, with the more expensive wind set up, the total cost
across all 21 years is lower than that of the cheaper EIA wind data,
seeing \$11,979,200,000 instead of \$12,033,000,000. The difference is
relatively small, but since the difference is due to using more solar
at a site that will be constructed either way, and foregoing the
one-time transmission construction cost for the W2-Navy site, the data
suggests the current final objective function value from the EIA data
is not the global minimum. The EIA case should be able to reach the
same end values as the GPA case, and have an even lower final
objective value, since the only difference is the EIA case having even
cheaper wind cost data.

\section{Discussion}

As was expected at the onset of the project, the sheer amount of data
was the primary barrier in determining an optimal model that would
feasibly solve in a reasonable amount of time. Integration of
renewables under and RPS is a problem that requires both a large
longitudinal timeframe as well as small timesteps to accurately
represent the true system. We decided to prioritize the 21-year
timeframe, which considerably sacrificed in timestep, forcing weeklong
timesteps. An ideal model would reduce this to hour timesteps, or even
15 minutes. Our current data set has many of the basic data needed for
one hour timesteps, including load and resource data. However, smaller
timesteps would also require additional data on timely affects such as
ramp rates of the fossil-based generation. 

Additionally, many heuristics were used to simplify the volume of data
required for the model. The most glaring such assumption was that the
resource at each solar and wind site could be approximated by the TMY3
data at one of two sites, or a simple average combination of the two
sites. A more accurate study would collect data specific to the
individual conditions of each proposed location.

The model also relies on many results of the NREL Assessment, some of
which are incomplete. For example, NREL determined the distances to
transmission lines for each candidate site, but costs for installing
this transmission were assumed to be linearly related to distance. In
reality, a more accurate model would depend on features of the land,
distance, and required capacity to determine local costs.

One factor that was not included that could have led to more realistic
results is a measure of construction time. Currently, the model is
allowed to construct sites in a single timestep (constrained by an
annual budget), which is obviously impossible. This is what leads to
the very ``chunky'' behavior of the resulting installation schedule,
as generation can be built as soon as it is needed. In a more
realistic scenario, some of the capacity may come online gradually as
solar arrays and wind turbines are erected.

Another aspect of the model that had to be left out was the potential
for energy storage. Besides the difficulties of cost assumptions,
storage was also made nearly impossible to integrate with the need for
large timesteps. With solar and wind resource data aggregated over
weeklong timesteps and multiple sites, any intermittancy is smoothed
out, leaving little room in the current model for energy storage to
provide value.

\begin{thebibliography}{99}

\bibitem{misty}
  Baring-Gould, I. et al. (April 2011).
  \emph{Guam Initial Technical Assessment Report}.
  National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL).
  Retrieved from \url{http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy11osti/50580.pdf}
  
\bibitem{brown04}
  Brown, Matthew H., and Richard P. Sedano (2004).
  \emph{Electricity Transmission, A Primer}.
  N.p.: National Council on Electric Policy.
  U.S. Departement of Energy.
  Retrieved March 16, 2014 from
  \url{http://energy.gov/oe/downloads/electricity-transmission-primer}

\bibitem{cruz08}
  Cruz, John J. (Aug 2008).
  \emph{Integrated Resource Plan, FY 2008}.
  Guam Power Authority.

\bibitem{cruz13}
  Cruz, John J., and Jennifer G. Sablan (Feb 2013).
  \emph{Integrated Resource Plan FY 2013}.
  Guam Power Authority.
  Retrieved March 16, 2014 from
  \url{http://guampowerauthority.com/gpa_authority/strategicplanning/2012IRP.php}

\bibitem{dsire}
  DSIRE (2012).
  \emph{Guam Renewable Energy Portfolio Goal}.
  Database of State Incentives for Renewable Energy.
  
\bibitem{ge}
  General Electric (GE).
  \emph{2.5MW Wind Turbine Series}.
  GE Power \& Water, Renewable Energy.
  Retrieved March 10, 2014 from
  \url{http://www.ge-energy.com/content/multimedia/_files/downloads/GEA17007A-Wind25Brochure.pdf}

\bibitem{gpa10}
  Guam Power Authority (2010).
  \emph{2010 GPA Met Tower Wind Data}.
  Retrieved March 3, 2014 from
  \url{http://guampowerauthority.com/special/documents/2010GPAMetTowerWindData.xls}

\bibitem{gpa14a} 
  Guam Power Authority.
  \emph{Fact Sheet}.
  Retrieved March 13, 2014 from: 
  \url{http://guampowerauthority.com/gpa_authority/about/gpa_fact_sheet.php}.

\bibitem{gpa08b}
  Guam Power Authority (2008).
  \emph{Generation Resource Handbook, FY 2008}.
  Retrieved from
  \url{http://guampowerauthority.com/gpa_authority/strategicplanning/documents/FY2008GenerationResourceHandbook.pdf}

\bibitem{gpa_trans}
  Guam Power Authority.
  \emph{GPA Transmission Islandwide Power System Single-Line Diagram}.
  Retrieved from 
  \url{http://guampowerauthority.com/gpa_authority/engineering/documents/IslandwidePlantsandTransmission.pdf}

\bibitem{nrel05}
  National Renewable Energy Laboratory (2005)
  \emph{National Solar Radiation Data Base}.
  Retrieved March 3, 2014 from
  \url{http://rredc.nrel.gov/solar/old_data/nsrdb/1991-2005/tmy3/}

\bibitem{nrel09}
  National Renewable Energy Laboratory (Jan 2009).
  \emph{Wind Resource Data Summary, Guam Naval Ordianance Annex}.
  Retrieved from
  \url{http://guampowerauthority.com/special/documents/GuamNavalOrdnanceAnnex-200911Summary.pdf}

\bibitem{sablan}
  Sablan, Jennifer (Mar 2014).
  \emph{GPA 2011-2013 Hourly Load Data}.
  Guam Power Authority.
  Email Correspondence.

\bibitem{shaalan01}
  Shaalan, Hesham E. (2001).
  \emph{Generation of Electric Power}.
  Handbook of Electric Power Calculations.
  By H. Wayne. Beaty.
  3rd ed. New York: McGraw-Hill.
  8.1-.38.
  Print.

\bibitem{simmons13}
  Simmons, Steve (Jun 2013).
  \emph{Utility Scale Solar PV Cost}.
  Northwest Power and Conservation Council.
  Retrieved March 16, 2014 from
  \url{http://www.nwcouncil.org/media/6867216/GRAC_SolarPV_Cost_062012.pdf}

\bibitem{eia12}
  U.S. Energy Information Administration (2012).
  \emph{Guam Territory Profile and Energy Analysis}
  Retrieved January 24, 2014 from
  \url{http://www.eia.gov/countries/country-data.cfm?fips=gq}

\bibitem{eia13}
  U.S. Energy Information Administration (Apr 2013).
  \emph{Updated Capital Cost Estimates for Utility Scale Electricity
    Generating Plants}.
  Retrieved March 16, 2014 from
  \url{http://www.eia.gov/forecasts/capitalcost/pdf/updated_capcost.pdf}

\end{thebibliography}

\end{document}